Update setup-azure.md (#2364)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/git/setup-azure.md

2. Select **Integrations**.
3. Scroll to the Azure DevOps section.
4. Complete the form:

>     - **Azure DevOps Organization:** Must match the name of your Azure DevOps organization exactly. Do not include `dev.azure.com/` in this field - i.e. use `my-devops-org` instead of `dev.azure.com/my-devops-org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Azure DevOps Organization:** Must match the name of your Azure DevOps organization exactly. Do not include the `dev.azure.com/` prefix in this field: <br />
    ✅ Use `my-devops-org` <br />
    ❌ Avoid `dev.azure.com/my-devops-org`
```
